CLEMONT: This way!
BONNIE: Clemont, wait UP!
CLEMONT:
C'mon, stragglers! Move!
SERENA: I've never seen
Clemont run this quickly!
ASH: Slow it down a little!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
CLEMONT: There! That's it,
all right! There's no doubt.
The Gadget Festival
is just up ahead!
It's the largest exhibition of
mechanical devices in
the entire Kalos region!
BONNIE:
All this running for that?
SERENA: It's that great?
CLEMONT: Calling it
great would be an insult!
All of the most brilliant and
talented inventors from Kalos
will be gathering
here to compete
by showing all their
mechanical wares!
ASH: Wow
SERENA:
And that's more than great?
CLEMONT:
Well, you just wait and see.
What are you waiting for?
ASH: Sounds like a lot of fun!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
CLEMONT: This is it!
ASH: Wow! It's huge!
SERENA: So this is what
they call the Gadget Festival!
BONNIE: Awesome!
DEDENNE: [CURIOUS]
CLEMONT: That's right.
The best and brightest,
all gathered in one
magnificent setting!
Unbelievable!
CLEMONT: Even the
word gadget is inspiring.
A triumph of human
intelligence and skill!
The gears of my
curiosity are turning
like there's no tomorrow
and they're not about to stop!
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
BOY 2:
Right. Just do it like that
BONNIE: Yippee! This is so cool!
ASH: What's that?
CLEMONT: Why, you're looking
at the welcome gadget.
It will help to explain
exactly what a gadget
is all about with ease.
SERENA: Looks complicated.
ASH: So how does
this thing even work?
PIKACHU: [MYSTIFIED]
CLEMONT: We simply
place a ball in here, and
ASH/SERENA/BONNIE/PIKACHU:
[AMAZED]
BONNIE: It's still going!
ASH:
Wow, gadgets are so amazing!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
SERENA: Can't wait to
see what happens next!
CLEMONT: Genius!
It's an automatic berry‐opener!
Inspiration plus!
SERENA: Seems like a
waste of time. Why build that?
SERENA: Isn't doing
this a whole lot easier?
CLEMONT: Nonsense!
You don't get it, do you?!
Gadgets have a
sense of playfulness!
CLEMONT: Playfulness creates
a variety of inventions,
which leads to new technologies!
The lives of convenience
we live are all built
upon this foundation of gadgets!
CLEMONT:
The name of the game is fun.
Otherwise, you'll never
be able to appreciate
all that this wonderful
place has to offer!
SERENA: So this is about fun
BONNIE: Whee
ASH: That makes sense to me!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
CLEMONT:
Fun, fun, fun, here we come!
JAMES: There!
I've just completed
my Poké Ball Stealer Mark One!
MEOWTH:
So now everyone's Poké Balls
are gonna be OUR Poké Balls!
JAMES: Right. All that remains
is a teensy bit of a fine tune.
JESSIE:
So This is your gadget room?
JAMES: It certainly is.
Something wrong?
JESSIE:
Isn't a gadget what people use
to keep track of money?
You know what I mean.
A household gadget!
MEOWTH:
No, that's a budget, brainiac.
JESSIE: There's a difference?
JAMES: Like night and day!
JESSIE: Oh
JAMES: Let's go to
the various gadget rooms
and discover what all the
others have come up with.
You know, check the competition.
MEOWTH: Right behind you!
JESSIE: Please.
Gadget, budget Who cares?
WORKER A:
Sit in one of these chairs
and it will take you up.
BONNIE: YAY!
WORKER A: Now you be careful
BONNIE: I will.
CLEMONT:
I think we should go, too.
CHESPIN: [APPEARING]
BONNIE: Hey, Chespin wants
to ride up with us!
SERENA:
I'll bet Pancham would, too.
This'll be fun!
PANCHAM: [APPEARING]
PANCHAM/ CHESPIN: [SURPRISED]
JESSIE: Twerps! And Pikachu!
MEOWTH:
I think we can catch Pikachu
before we use the
Poké Ball Stealer Mark One!
JAMES: Hear, hear.
The gadget rooms should
provide ample opportunities!
JESSIE:
They don't want to waste money.
JAMES: Wrong word
ASH: Must be locked.
SERENA: Give it a push.
ASH: It's stuck!
CLEMONT:
I know Pull it to the side!
ASH: Hey, you're right!
CLEMONT: That's the way
with gimmicks. I love them!
ASH: Man. A wall!
CLEMONT:
So it seems. Let's just see
It was really a hidden door.
BONNIE: Hey!
Pikachu and the others are gone!
PIKACHU/PANCHAM/CHESPIN:
[STRUGGLING]
ASH: Pikachu?
PANCHAM/CHESPIN: [CONFUSED]
PIKACHU: [CALLING]
CLEMONT: We've gotten separated,
so let's meet up later!
ASH: That okay, buddy?
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BONNIE: You be good!
CLEMONT: Now, let's go this way!
ASH: So it looks like we've
gotta get over those next, huh?
DEDENNE: [EXERTION] [EXCITED]
BONNIE: Here I come!
DEDENNE: [IMPATIENT]
BONNIE: Now!
CLEMONT:
That's the way to do it, Bonnie!
BONNIE: This is fun!
BONNIE: Way to go, Clemont!
SERENA: You're like a totally
different person today. Wow!
ASH: 'Kay, keep it up!
PIKACHU/CHESPIN: [WORRIED]
PANCHAM: [CONSIDERING]
PANCHAM: [SCARED]
PANCHAM: [IMPACT]
PANCHAM: [EXASPERATED]
CHESPIN: [LAUGHING]
PIKACHU: [CONFIDENT]
CHESPIN: [EXCITED]
PIKACHU: [EXERTION]
CHESPIN: [HAPPY]
CHESPIN: [TRIUMPHANT]
PANCHAM: [ANGRY]
CHESPIN: [ANGRY]
ASH: Must be a trick
to this door, too.
ASH: It feels like
it's been glued shut.
CLEMONT: Let me try it now
ASH: So that's the
way the door works!
JESSIE: This thing's BROKE!
MEOWTH:
If it doesn't pull, try pushing.
JESSIE:
That doesn't work either!
JAMES:
Now, watch the master at work.
JAMES: Voilà.
JESSIE: The annoying master
JESSIE:
What IS this stupid contraption?
MEOWTH: That's a wall.
JAMES: It's elementary!
JAMES: Open sesame
JESSIE: You're still annoying.
PANCHAM: [INSISTING]
CHESPIN: [DETERMINED]
CHESPIN:
[CONFIDENT] / [STRUGGLING]
CHESPIN: [STRUGGLING]
CHESPING: [TRIUMPHANT]
CHESPIN: [FURIOUS]
PANCHAM: [LAUGHING]
PIKACHU: [RESIGNED]
JAMES:
I heard Pikachu down below!
JESSIE: My bad
JESSIE:
Balancing a household budget
makes me glad I
don't have a house.
MEOWTH: It's a gadget
JAMES: Sliding down
was the right thing to do.
ASH: I think you're
supposed to sit on this thing.
ASH: Whoa Yeah
ASH: It stopped.
SERENA:
Now that's a great Gadget!
BONNIE: Like an amusement park!
DEDENNE: [AGREEMENT]
ASH: Now what? Clemont?
CLEMONT:
Maybe another arm appears!
ASH: Well I can't wait!
SERENA:
Good thing you didn't wait!
BONNIE/DEDENNE: [EXCITED]
SERENA: Bonnie! Hurry! Hurry!
BONNIE: Don't worry! I know!
BONNIE: Woah that
thing doesn't waste time
JESSIE: This will be
like a walk in the park.
JAMES: We've got to
catch up to Pikachu.
JESSIE: This is getting so old
Stop! No more! My back! OUCH!
MEOWTH: Oy vey, Jess
ASH: What's that?
SERENA: Wow, that's the
cutest little wind‐up doll
I've ever seen!
CLEMONT:
Yeah, it's so well made!
BONNIE: Adorable!
ASH: It's built really well
ASH: You want me
to have a cup of tea?
ASH: That's hot!
What was that for?
CLEMONT: I'm guessing that
was a little bit of humor
CLEMONT:
That's part of the playfulness.
SERENA: It's obvious
from the lovely way she bowed
that her manners
are second to none.
ASH: Yeah, if you say so
PIKACHU:
[EXERTION] / [ENCOURAGING]
CHESPIN: [EXERTION]
PANCHAM: [EXERTION]
PANCHAM: [MISCHIEVOUS]
CHESPIN: [SCARED]
PANCHAM: [LAUGHING]
CHESPIN: [ANGRY]
PANCHAM/CHESPIN: [SQUABBLING]
PIKACHU: [PLEADING] / [PAINED]
JESSIE:
Where did Pikachu get to now?
JAMES: Further ahead, I'd say
JESSIE:
Ah, perfect. I needed a rest.
JESSIE: This feels pretty good!
JESSIE: What's going on?
JAMES: Perhaps another
arm will manifest.
JESSIE:
Oh yeah? From where then?
MEOWTH: Man
JESSIE: That little
doll's a little doll!
JAMES: And it's well
known all over the region!
JESSIE: How nice.
You brought us tea, didn't you?
MEOWTH:
Thanks for the refreshments. Ow!
My tongue turned
into burnt toast!
JESSIE:
We'll never catch Pikachu
while we're trapped
inside this loony bin!
MEOWTH: Why don't we chill
out and get my tongue some ice?
JAMES: So? It's time we employ
our Poké Ball Stealer Mark One!
MEOWTH: For fun!
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE:
"Who's that Pokémon?"
"It's Pinsir!"
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH:
Welcome, child!
BOY A: What's up with this room?
JESSIE: You've wandered
into the Poké Ball Budget Room!
MEOWTH: She means Gadget Room!
BOY A: What's it got
to do with Poké Balls?
JAMES: You place your
Poké Ball right in there.
BOY A: Like this?
JESSIE: I'm afraid that's not
quite enough weight just yet.
JAMES: Third ball's the charm
JESSIE: It's moving!
BOY A: Yay!
JAMES: Now watch as they
separate into three directions!
BOY A: Whoa
JAMES:
And finally they've reunited!
BOY A: Oh, WOW!
BOY A: Where are my Poké Balls?
JESSIE:
Not your concern. Buh bye.
JAMES: Poké Ball
Stealer Mark One rules!
MEOWTH:
And everyone else drools!
JESSIE: Those fools!
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH:
Welcome, child!
GIRL A: Wow, what room is this?
JESSIE: You've wandered
into the right place
JAMES:
The Poké Ball Gadget Room!
GIRL A:
But wait. Nothing happened.
JESSIE: Third ball's the charm
GIRL A: One more?
JAMES: Success!
JAMES: Watch as they
separate into three directions!
GIRL A: Wow!
JAMES:
And finally they've reunited!
GIRL A: Hey, where are my
Poké Balls? They're gone!
JESSIE:
Not your concern. Buh bye!
PIKACHU: [DELIGHTED]
ASH: Pikachu!
SERENA: Pancham!
PANCHAM: [EXCITED]
BONNIE: Did everybody have fun?
CHESPIN: [ANNOYED]
PANCHAM: [ANNOYED]
PANCHAM/CHESPIN: [SQUABBLING]
PIKACHU: [INSISTENT]
SERENA: Hey, guys cut it out!
WORKER B:
No, they're not in this room...
ASH: Is something the matter?
WORKER B: We've recently
had several reports
of Poké Balls being
stolen in the area.
SERENA: Poké Balls being stolen?
CLEMONT: That's just awful!
ASH: Let's have a look around!
BOY C: My Poké Balls!
What are you doing?!
ASH: What's going on here?
BOY C: My Poké Balls
just went down that thing!
ASH: Hold on!
CLEMONT: Down that pipe?
ASH: Yeah, that's it!
ASH: What are you guys doing
in this Gadget Room anyway?
JESSIE: All the world is a stage
and budgets are an
actor's tools of the trade!
MEOWTH: Whatever
JAMES:
Allow us to reveal our charade!
JESSIE: To protect the
world from devastation!
JAMES: To unite all
people within our nation!
JESSIE: To ease on down
the Poké Ball‐stealing road!
JAMES: To extend our reach till
we've grabbed the last load!
JESSIE: Jessie!
JAMES: And James.
JESSIE: Team Rocket blasts
off at the speed of light!
JAMES: Surrender now or prepare
for a gadget‐laden fight!
MEOWTH: Meowth, that's right!
SERENA: Team Rocket!
ASH: Give the Poké Balls back!
JESSIE: Not today.
JAMES: And away!
ASH: Come back!
BONNIE: This is fun!
DEDENNE: [EXCITED]
SERENA: Bonnie, be careful!
ASH: Stop!
MEOWTH: Awesome!
You're not hoofing it now
like you have two left feet!
JESSIE: Thank you!
My true brilliance doesn't come
out until I'm under pressure.
That's how genius works!
JAMES: I told her
not to scoff at gadgets!
ASH: Come back!
PIKACHU: [ANGRY]
JESSIE: Yess!
ASH: Stop!
ASH:
Those Poké Balls aren't yours!
JESSIE: We've been
hustling with budgets!
MEOWTH: It's gadgets, genius
JESSIE: Now go for it, Meowth!
MEOWTH: Roger!
ASH: What's going on?
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
JAMES: Feast your eyes.
We worked on this for
three days and three nights
without sleeping!
Our greatest work!
JAMES:
Our monstrous megalo‐maniacal
super attacking
gilded Meowth gadget!
CLEMONT: Excellent! That's
an impressive piece of work!
JAMES: Show them what it can do.
Stop, drop and roll!
ASH/SERENA/PIKACHU: [DETERMINED]
JESSIE: This is a
budget that walks the walk!
JAMES:
It's gadget! Learn how to talk!
MEOWTH: Now for Fury Swipes.
PIKACHU: [BRACING]
PIKACHU: [AMUSED]
ASH/SERENA/BONNIE/DEDENNE:
[EMBARRASSED]
JESSIE: Look,
it would have been simpler
for Meowth to just
use Fury Swipes!
That silly thing
didn't even reach!
JAMES: NONSENSE!! Stop it!!
Gadgets should have a
sense of playfulness!
It's vital to the very reason
for this machine's
unbridled brilliance!
CLEMONT: This is the first time
I've agreed with Team Rocket!
Wow!
BONNIE:
Hey, those are the BAD GUYS!!
ASH: Give the Poké Balls
back or you'll be sorry!
JESSIE:
Boo‐hoo! Get them, Gourgeist!
JAMES: Okay, Inkay!
GOURGEIST: [APPEARING]
INKAY: [APPEARING]
JESSIE: Now, Seed Bomb, go!
GOURGEIST: [SEED BOMB MOVE]
JAMES: Use Psybeam!
INKAY: [PSYBEAM MOVE]
PANCHAM/CHESPIN: [EFFORT]
SERENA: Pancham, Dark Pulse!
PANCHAM: [DARK PULSE MOVE]
JESSIE: Dodge it, quick!
JAMES: Our Gadget!
CLEMONT:
Now Chespin, Pin Missile!
CHESPIN: [PIN MISSILE MOVE]
MEOWTH: OH no
ASH: All right, Pikachu,
Thunderbolt, let's move it!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
JESSIE:
I guess I'll never understand
what you all see in those
silly gadgets. So juvenile
MEOWTH: You hear that?
She didn't say budget!
JAMES: Gadgets are a
game for the playful!
Though I wish
this could be as well
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH:
We're blasting off again!
INKAY: [AGREEMENT]
ASH: Here you go.
Your Poké Balls are safe.
BOY A: That's awesome!
GIRL A: Thanks so much!
BOY B: You were great.
WORKER B:
Looks like a happy ending!
SERENA: Glad that's over with.
CLEMONT: Then, let's go!
There are still lots of
Gadget Exhibition Rooms
to explore and enjoy!
ASH: Let's go, buddy!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
BONNIE: Yay!
CLEMONT: Gadgets.
The height of irresistibility.
A triumph of human
intelligence and skill!
The Gadget Festival will
celebrate the world's hopes
and dreams for the future,
as the journey continues!